Create website landing page (#36)
ergoplatform/ergo-wallet-app: LANDING.md

Official Ergo Wallet for Android. Lightweight and simple to use.

[<img alt="Get it on Google Play" height="80" src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.ergoplatform.android)

Direct APK download on [GitHub](https://github.com/MrStahlfelge/ergo-wallet-android#download-and-install)

## What this wallet can
### Receiving, sending and storing
You can use this wallet to receive ERG coins from exchanges or mining rewards, tokens and NFTs.

### Generate offline wallets
Use this wallet to generate cold wallets by keeping your device in flight mode. You can restore your funds with every other 
[EIP3](https://github.com/ergoplatform/eips/blob/master/eip-0003.md) compliant wallet application.

### Watch wallets 
Add wallets without your seed in read-only mode. You won't be able to send, but you can keep an eye on your funds. 
Lightning fast, and with a fiat comparison currency of your choice.

### Scan QR codes
Scan payment QR codes from other users or websites for a satisfying sending experience.

## What this wallet is
### Secure 

> Your secrets are stored password-encrypted or authentication-protected. Every code change on the project is audited by an Ergo core team member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your secrets are stored password-encrypted or authentication-protected. Every code change on the project is audited by at least one Ergo core team member.
```
